---
title: "Researches"
permalink: /researches/
author_profile: true
---

**********

### A Deep Spatial-Temporal Ensemble Model for Air Quality Prediction
Air quality has drawn much attention on the recent years because it seriously affects people’s health. Nowadays, monitoring stations in a city can provide real-time air quality, but people also strongly desire air quality prediction, which is a challenging problem as it depends on several complicated factors, such as weather patterns and spatial-temporal dependencies of air quality. In this paper, we design a data-driven approach that utilizes historical air quality and meteorological data to predict air quality in the future. We propose a deep spatial-temporal ensemble(STE) model which is comprised of three components. The first component is an ensemble method to handle different weather patterns, partitioning training sets according to weather patterns, training multiple models and combining them dynamically. The second one is spatial correlation exploration by analyzing Granger causalities among stations and generating spatial data as relative stations and relative areas. The last one is a temporal predictor based on LSTM to learn both long-term and short-term dependencies of air quality. We evaluate our model with data from 35 monitoring stations in Beijing, China. The experiments show that each component of our model makes contribution to the improvement in prediction accuracy and the model is superior to baselines.

### Inferring Explicit and Implicit Social Ties Simultaneously in Mobile Social Network
In mobile social network, social tie recognition is a significant task. While traditional social tie recognition aims at identifying explicit social ties, there are seldom researches working on inferring implicit ones. A great portion of relations are hidden from the interactions in mobile social network, but they actually exist. Inferring these implicit social ties can be applied in many aspects like recommender system. But it is challenging because there isn’t any explicit interaction information of these implicit ties in mobile social network. In this paper, we propose a community-based recognition model to infer explicit and implicit social ties simultaneously. Firstly, we observe community features by empirical analysis. It shows that communities with different relation types have different features, which can be used to detect the community and infer its type. Based on this, we can infer both explicit and implicit social ties in the community. Secondly, we propose a communal factor graph to infer social ties. We extract community features, build up a community layer that treats each community as a node and calculate the labels of relations and communities simultaneously. We experiment our model on both implicit and explicit ties and results confirm that using our community features based model can reach a better recognition result.

### Sim-rank for Medical Disease Named Entity Disambiguation
